fix(latest_event): handle edits when the target event is not directly preceding (#6096)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: crates/matrix-sdk/CHANGELOG.md

  ([#6017](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk/pull/6017))

### Bugfix

> - Handle edits when the target event is not directly preceding.

Reviewer: A mention to the Latest Event API would be great.

```suggestion
- Latest Event is correctly computed when multiple edits exist for the same event candidate.
```
